Name	title	coding
t3_jzsv52	Hunter Biden Arrives At White House Dressed As Turkey In Hopes Of Being Pardoned By Trump	dissatisfaction
t3_jzsh0c	Trump Lawyer: Michigan Legislature Agrees to Hold Election Review Hearings	lawsuit
t3_jzrtvc	"N.Y. Times op-ed admits: Trump was correct, reopen the schools"	policy
t3_jzrsl7	"DuPont’s Shaped Biden’s ""Views"" (no experience!) on Business"	dissatisfaction
t3_jzrhs0	Biden's Treasury Secretary: Janet Yellen	transition
t3_jzrh4s	Hours After Biden Picks Blinken For Secretary Of State – His Closet Door Swings Open On Iraq And Consulting	policy
t3_jzrfhk	"Biden &amp; Corporate Charters: A Radical, Regressive Proposal"	dissatisfaction
t3_jzrc5e	Rep. Nunes Worried Biden Will Shut Down Durham Investigation	policy
t3_jzqyu6	Joel Kotkin: The Green End Game Runs Through Biden	economy_climate
t3_jzqrab	Poll: Americans Want Biden to Stay Out of Trump Investigations &amp; Pass on Progressive Policies for Now	policy
t3_jzqpbm	Rush Limbaugh criticizes Trump legal team for promising 'bombshells' and failing to deliver	dissatisfaction
t3_jzqca2	"Trump scores two wins as Michigan legislature, federal appeals court agree to election reviews"	lawsuit
t3_jzq2wb	Sidney Powell responds to Trump Campaign legal statement with agreement but an “epic” lawsuit is still coming this week	lawsuit
t3_jzq15s	Rush Limbaugh: Trump Needs to Hold Rallies in Georgia	vote
t3_jzpzzc	Janet Yellen Is Biden’s Pick for Treasury Secretary	transition
t3_jzpdpe	Trump's election lawsuit leads to 3rd Circuit grant for expedited review	lawsuit
t3_jzpd7w	JUST IN: Third Circuit Court of Appeals Grants Expedited Review For Team Trump’s Appeal in Pennsylvania	lawsuit
t3_jzo4tp	Journalist Carl Bernstein names 21 GOP senators who 'privately expressed their disdain' for Trump	dissatisfaction
t3_jzo3u5	Obama's third term: Biden reveals first cabinet picks	transition
t3_jznypc	Trump campaign takes Pennsylvania election fight to federal appeals court	lawsuit
t3_jzntsc	GOP Former National Security Officials Urge Party to Demand Trump Concession	dissatisfaction
t3_jznsl5	"Biden secretary of state pick Blinken criticized over Iraq War, consulting work"	transition
t3_jznr0d	Appeals Court Grants Expedited Review of Trump Campaign's Pennsylvania Lawsuit	lawsuit
t3_jznbrr	U.S. Election: Trump legal team distances itself from lawyer after controversial comments - National | Globalnews.ca	lawsuit
t3_jzn4sl	"Biden proposes John Poulos, CEO and President of Dominion Voting Systems, as Surgeon General and Head of Covid Analytics. Dominion will now be solely in charge of recording and keeping an exact count of what has become the most deadly virus in the history of the world."	transition
t3_jzmy0e	"'Joe Biden is a very weak President, could start wars': Chinese government advisor | World News - Times of India"	policy
t3_jzmvum	Appeals Court Grants Expedited Review of Trump Campaign's Pennsylvania Lawsuit	lawsuit
t3_jzms1q	Pro-Trump Attorney Lin Wood Urges Republicans Not To Vote In Georgia Senate Runoff -- Unless GOP candidates help overturn the presidential election results in the state.	dissatisfaction
t3_jzmj9c	Political Enemy List Trump Accountability Project Publicly Posted on Their Website	dissatisfaction
t3_jzlwxs	"Bombshell: Biden takes min 98% of a 23,487 vote batch at 12:18AM in GA"	vote
t3_jzlu2s	"All Republicans should support President Trump's legal fights -- Any who believe that buddying up to the Biden team is a symbol of unity, and better for America, have already abandoned Trump, conservatism, and America."	lawsuit
t3_jzloh0	Watergate journalist Carl Bernstein outs 21 Republican senators who 'privately' expressed 'extreme contempt' for Trump.	dissatisfaction
t3_jzl6re	5 More Ways Joe Biden Magically Outperformed Election Norms	lawsuit
t3_jzl08r	Biden's Surge In Polls Motivated By Fear	vote
t3_jzkyjm	NY Mag Scientifically Proves Biden Supporters Are Racist	discrimination
t3_jzkxnl	Professor causes uproar asking Biden voters to unfriend him	vote
t3_jzkwq8	Study: Biden won thousands of illegal votes by noncitizens	vote
t3_jzkul5	Trump: More Votes Than Voters in Key Swing States	lawsuit
t3_jzk9j0	"Sidney Powell Responds to Trump Campaign's Statement Saying She's Not Part of Legal Team -- Powell said her fight will go on anyway and closed her statement with the hashtag, ""#KrakenOnSteroids"""	lawsuit
t3_jzk5a1	A Circuit Breaker on Election Night? (...nearly 30 percent of Democrat voters think the election was stolen from Trump)	lawsuit
t3_jzjzln	A Neighbor You Like Probably Voted For Trump	vote
t3_jzjptq	Two-thirds of GOP voters support Trump running for president in 2024: survey	vote
t3_jzjlmh	Democrat House Losses Stemmed From Trump Increasing Voter Turnout: Rep. Richmond	vote
t3_jzjii3	Mark Levin: Letting Trump's legal efforts play out far better than 'what the Democrats are doing to our institutions'	lawsuit
t3_jzjgop	Open Letter Calls on Harvard to Create 'System of Accountability' for Inviting Trump Admin Alums to Campus	dissatisfaction
t3_jzjbne	"Sidney Powell Confirms Non-Affiliation With Trump Legal Team, Vows to Continue Fraud Fight"	lawsuit
t3_jzitza	"Why The Left Can Be So Ridiculously Self-Righteous Without Realizing It -- What we saw in the lead up to the elections, and what we’ll witness for years to come, is utter contempt for Trump voters and conservatives in general."	dissatisfaction
t3_jzijpr	"Trump Pulls Out Of Military Transparency Treaty With Russia, Europe"	policy
t3_jzieod	GOP Can't Let Trump-Hating Squishes Take Over the Party Now	dissatisfaction
t3_jzicud	"Here Comes the Biden Blame Game - If the double-dip recession hits next year, Biden will remind us over and over that it’s Donald Trump’s fault. He’ll be wrong."	economy_climate
t3_jzi8g6	Trump’s legal team’s statement on Sydney Powell was made to focus on the upcoming Supreme Court case. There are two separate legal pathways. One on equal protection and PA voting rules (most important right now). The second is Dominion software which will take longer.	lawsuit
t3_jzi0vw	5 More Ways Joe Biden Magically Outperformed Election Norms	lawsuit
t3_jzhhqb	"Once an election has been shown dirty, all voters have been disenfranchised- ""Joe Biden won illegal votes from thousands of noncitizens, study shows"""	lawsuit
t3_jzhelc	Mike Flynn Jr. adds twist to Trump team’s statement on Sidney Powell: ‘Give this the 24hr rule …’	lawsuit
t3_jzhbcz	The Death Star Strategy: Is Trump Contemplating The Ultimate Constitutional Trick Shot?	lawsuit
t3_jzfqzc	"Do Trump-Supporters Live in an Alternate Universe? Actually a huge number of Americans have a false impression of reality because they are being told lies by their media. The people who constantly hear these lies do live in an ""alternate reality."""	dissatisfaction
t3_jzexf7	Trump’s gains in North Philly show Latino voters are not a ‘gimme’ for Democrats	lawsuit
t3_jzdaid	"Report: Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, Anti-Trump Hero, Paid for Flawed Coronavirus Tests from South Korea"	covid
t3_jzcm4f	"Report: Biden to Name Russia Hoaxer, CNN Analyst Tony Blinken Secretary of State"	transition
t3_jzbqm7	"Trump campaign demands recount, signature matching in Georgia"	lawsuit
t3_jzbe4j	Orwell's 1984 is prophetic: How the leftists are trying to change and erase President Trump and history	discrimination
t3_jzaqqe	An statement from Senator Toomey regarding the Pennyslvania Federal Court decision regarding the Trump campaign lawsuit.	lawsuit
t3_jzaje9	Scranton dedicates 'Joe Biden Way' to honor president-elect	vote
t3_jz9jty	"‘One kind of fraud’: Biden won thousands of illegal votes by noncitizens, study shows"	lawsuit
t3_jz9dqx	Lou Dobbs Warns the GOP: Republican Party ‘Will Be Gone and Done’ If They Don’t Stand With President Trump	dissatisfaction
t3_jz995u	"President Trump in virtual G-20 remarks: ""The Paris Accord was not designed to save the environment -- it was designed to kill the American economy."""	economy_climate
t3_jz90wi	Obamas Collaborating on Anti-Trump Netflix Serie	dissatisfaction
t3_jz8xh4	Trump campaign to appeal dismissal of election lawsuit in Pennsylvania	lawsuit
t3_jz8s6s	"Mail in ballots come in envelopes. They have creases. ""Ga Poll Worker Describes Pristine Mail In Ballots, 98% for Biden"""	lawsuit
t3_jz7p9d	"In Apparent Glitch, Voting Machines Hunt Down And Murder Trump Supporters"	lawsuit
t3_jz7frn	Trump Campaign Formally Requests a Recount in Georgia	lawsuit
t3_jz7fr3	Latest: Why a Federal Judge Tossed Out One of the Trump Campaign's PA Lawsuits	lawsuit
t3_jz60sj	Dominion responds to Trump team claims	lawsuit
t3_jz5rv6	Trump campaign says Sidney Powell not a member of legal team	lawsuit
t3_jz5fzn	Federal judge dismisses Trump campaign’s Pennsylvania case	lawsuit
t3_jz5f71	Julie Burchill: President Trump has loved and been great for Israel	policy
t3_jz593p	'This Obama judge' is 'outrageous': Mark Levin blasts PA ruling dismissing Trump voter fraud challenge	lawsuit
t3_jz56nz	GOP senator says Trump to Biden transition should begin 'tomorrow morning'	transition
t3_jz447i	"Omar Urges Biden To Reverse Trump's Agreements In The Middle East And Claims They Were ""Not Peace Deals"""	policy
t3_jz421o	"It begins: The Biden border surge, and too bad about the COVID lockdowns"	covid
t3_jz3j9r	"BLM Founders Demand Joe Biden Support A 'Roadmap' To Abolition Of Police, Prisons"	policy
t3_jz3bhq	Pennsylvania election: Trump appeals dismissal of bid to block vote certification	lawsuit
t3_jz37gc	Trump Derangement Syndrome in Democrats won't go away with Trump	dissatisfaction
t3_jz2tha	"Trump obsession: Democrats tweet about him 12,569 times to 486 about Biden"	dissatisfaction
t3_jz1z44	Top House conservative plots post-Trump GOP	policy
t3_jz1vvt	"Patrick Buchanan: ""Is Trump Exiting Afghanistan -- to Attack Iran?"""	policy
t3_jz1up7	Trump Lawyer Says New Lawsuits Will Be Filed in Georgia Soon: 'Quite a Shock'	lawsuit
t3_jz0o5f	Trump: Biden would 'kill the American economy' in rejoining climate treaty.	economy_climate
t3_jz0c9x	Satire: CNN Condemns Trump Rallies As 'Physically Peaceful But Morally Violent'	dissatisfaction
t3_jyztx6	Do Trump Supporters Live in an Alternate Universe?	dissatisfaction
t3_jyzt0i	"Trump, as Always, Is Fighting, as Promised -- President Donald Trump is doing exactly what he promised his supporters he would do by fighting for every possible legal way to win the election."	policy
t3_jyzq16	Putin Says He’s Not Ready to Recognize Biden as U.S. President	transition
t3_jyzpvt	"How Trump Responded When Liz Cheney Called on Him to Concede: ""Sorry Liz, can’t accept the results of an election with hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes cast, enough to easily flip the Election. You’re just unhappy that I’m bringing the troops back home where they belong!"""	lawsuit
t3_jyz99e	Trump Lawyer Sidney Powell Promises 'Biblical' Lawsuit in Coming Days	lawsuit
t3_jyymh1	Reap What You Sow: Media Who Coddled Biden for Months Now Complain About Mistreatment	dissatisfaction
t3_jyxyyy	China Issues Instructions for ‘Incoming Biden Administration’	policy
t3_jyxl1z	How to explain Latino support for Trump? ABC News reports misleading memes went viral in Latino communities	dissatisfaction
t3_jywt9q	Joe Biden Witnesses A Crime.	dissatisfaction
t3_jywlfu	How Dominion Software Helped Joe Biden Rig Election Win	lawsuit
t3_jywg7k	"Devout Catholic Joe Biden, our most pro-abortion president"	dissatisfaction
t3_jywdz5	Philly Bans All Indoor Gatherings Unless You're Still Counting Biden Votes	dissatisfaction
